**What did you do this past week?**

This past week, I spent pretty much all of my time working on the IDB site assignment with my group. It was pretty common for us to work 8-10 hours a day, and it was all a bit frantic. Overall, I'm proud of how we did and I feel that I learned a great deal about creating a website and setting up/using databases. I didn't really get to do much else besides work due to the deadline being this week, but it was still pretty fun.

**What's in your way?**

Nothing much, just bunches of personal responsibility. I'm a bit concerned about the next phase of the project given how many unexpected hurdles I encountered in this previous phase of the project, but I'm sure that just like this one, it will work out in the end. I have faith in my team.

**What will you do next week?**

Work on the next phase of the project all day every day, probably. I'm not sure if I need to worry about this next one as much as this previous one, but I'm betting that I probably do, and I'm certainly not going to risk it and make some plans.

**What's your experience of this class?**

Nothing new to report, the projects are very difficult and confusing but also very rewarding to finish. The further we progress into the semester, the more I feel like the projects are the bigger part of the class. I used to worry more about lectures and tests - now it's pretty much all about the website. The lectures are useful, but it's hard to compare to the challenge that building a website with no prior experience presents.

**What's your tip of the week?**

Take breaks every once in a while. My group and I took a break only a couple of times this past assignment despite programming for many, many hours straight. I usually felt more productive after I had gone out to get food or something. Just make time to clear your head and the project will get along smoother, no matter how worried you are about wasting time.
