1. This past week, most of my time was spent with my Project 2 team working our our IDB site. There's some changes I'd still like to make in the design and layout, but overall, I'm very happy with our progress and I feel that we all learned a lot. I'm looking forward to the next phase of the project going a bit smoother.

2. Implementing a few changes and learning more as we begin work on the next phase of the project. While phase 1 taught us a lot about creating and hosting the site, we still haven't had a chance to experiment with scraping data from online and including that in our web pages. I imagine that this will be pretty difficult, but also very rewarding. The class has so far been great in rounding out my knowledge, I've been learning a ton of things that I didn't know about and much of it is very hands-on and practical, which is something you don't get to see in many courses.

3. Next week I'll continue to work with my team on the next phase. None of us know anything about what we need to do next, so that's concerning, but I guess it was like that for the first phase and everything turned out OK. I'll also be attending a jazz concert, mostly because it is required for my jazz appreciation class. I'm looking forward to it though, I bet it will be a nice break from things.

4. My experience with lectures themselves has pretty much not changed at all - class keeps me a bit on edge because of all the calling out, but the information that we are being taught is interesting. It also helps that Downing is a pretty nice professor who actually seems to enjoy what he's doing and seeing what we are all working on. Now that I've had more experience with projects, I definitely think that you should take whatever amount of time you are estimating the project to take, and add 5-10 hours to that. There are so many unexpected hurdles to get over when you're learning so many new things at once, you're bound to hit a few walls here and there.

5. One of my teammates, Matthew Curtis, made a quick little script for us to restart our server when needed. Instead of having to run a few different commands to kill processes, build the site, and pull from git, we can now just run one or two commands. It's very useful, and I recommend that you try to automate any tedious tasks like that while working on your projects.
