**What did you do this past week?**

This past week I finished a lot of classwork. I had a midterm assignment due for Ethical Hacking which took a decent amount of time (not hard, just a lot of rabbit holes to fall down), as well as a network security CTF assignment that was due. I'm happy to see them finished, as they were both sucking up a huge amount of my time! Now I can relax a bit and hopefully focus more on the project for this class.

**What's in your way?**

Creating our website! We ran into a few issues with API's not doing quite what we wanted and some API keys being ridiculously expensive, forcing us to find alternatives. It shouldn't be a huge deal though, we just need to make some more progress on the project. Other than that, nothing is really in my way right now.

**What will you do next week?**

Work on the project, and chill. Spring break is here, so I don't have that much to work on at the moment outside of the website. I also don't have plans for Spring Break, so I'll be looking for stuff to do around Austin - maybe some of the SXSW stuff going on?

**What's your experience of this class?**

Projects are very difficult and time consuming, and the class requires to keep up with what is going on in lecture. The tests, however, seem to be extremely easy - test 1 was not too bad. As long as you had paid attention in class and had reviewed syntax before the exam, you did fine. It was a very useful test, though - I now feel like I could implement the things that we discussed in class if I needed to. The practice was nice.

**What's your tip of the week?**

Runnign low on technical advice, my tip-of-the-week is that a new asian market opened up at the northeast corner of Airport & North Lamar. Inside, it has an amazing bakery & food court. I highly recommend it if you want to grab something sweet or just like Asian food. The market itself is alright too in its selection of groceries.
