**What did you do this past week?**

I've been working on a CTF for Network Security. The projects have really ramped up in that class, and my team is finding this CTF to be very challenging. It has already taken up quite a lot of my time, hopefully we'll be able to finish by the deadline.


**What's in your way?**

The CTF that I previously mentioned is still in my way. On top of that, we have the next phase of the IDB site project coming up, which I know will take up a lot of my time. This phase seems a bit easier than the previous, but every part of this project usually proves to be harder than I thought.


**What will you do next week?**

Next week I'll be doing pretty much nothing but working on the IDB site I imagine. I'm lucky to have a group that is fun to hang out with and doesn't get upset when deadlines are closing in. Our group has a strong sense of humor, which definitely keeps me from feeling burnt out when I otherwise would.


**What's your experience of this class?**
The projects are tough and you'll be reading a lot of documentation. Stack overflow and Google are your best friends, just pray that somebody is having the same problem that you are. Somebody probably is. I'm also happy to say that a lot of what you learn in this class is very useful in other classes. Learning about HTTP requests and using python to automate them helped me exploit a website in network security.


**What's your tip of the week?**

Get started on projects early so you aren't rushing. Meeting up with your group or at least staying in touch over slack is extremely important, otherwise everyone is just going to drift away into their own lives. In addition to that, you should hang out with your group a bit in a non-working environment. Having fun together will help your group become more cohesive.
